add args: startup_timeout for kubernetes plugin (#7068)
miekg/coredns: plugin/kubernetes/README.md

* `ignore empty_service` returns NXDOMAIN for services without any ready endpoint addresses (e.g., ready pods).
  This allows the querying pod to continue searching for the service in the search path.
  The search path could, for example, include another Kubernetes cluster.

> * `startupTimeout` specifies the **DURATION** value that limits the time to wait for informer cache synced 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `startup_timeout` specifies the **DURATION** value that limits the time to wait for informer cache synced 
```

until it can connect to the Kubernetes API and synchronize all object watches.  If this cannot happen within
5 seconds, then CoreDNS will start serving DNS while the *kubernetes* plugin continues to try to connect
and synchronize all object watches.  CoreDNS will answer SERVFAIL to any request made for a Kubernetes record

> that has not yet been synchronized. You can also determine how long to wait by specifying `startupTimeout`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that has not yet been synchronized. You can also determine how long to wait by specifying `startup_timeout`.
```
